0.  BMP: 32 bit color, or over 4 billion.
    GIF: 8 bits, 256 colors.
    JPEG: 24 bit, 16 million.
    PNG: 24 bit, 16 million.
1.  GIF supports animation
2.  Lossless compression means that as the file size is compressed, the picture quality remains the same - it can be decompressed
    to its original quality (lossless)
    Lossy compression means the reverse, it permanently removes the data so if the file is compressed, it can't be decompressed
    back to its original quality (lossy)
3.  JPEG is lossy-compressed
4.  When the file is deleted, the information in the address table is erased, but the file itself remains on the hard drive.
5.  Use a secure delete method. It overwrites the data with either zeros or random data so it can't be recovered
6.  stdint.h is a header file that provide a set of typedefs that specify exact-width integer types such that programmer will be
    able to write more portable code
7.  It tells the compiler that you want to use the data as a desired type. 
    uint8_t means an unsigned integer (non negative integer) with 8 bits wide. uint32_t means unsigned integer with 32 bits integer
    while int32_t means signed integer (can be negative/positive integer) with 32 bits wide. uint16_t means unsigned integer with 16
    bits wide.
    It is particularly useful when you are sure that some data won't be negative and that means we can use larger range.
8.  BYTE is 1 byte
	DWORD is 4 bytes
	LONG is 4 bytes
	WORD is 2 bytes
9.  It must be set to the signature word BM (0x4D42) to indicate bitmap.
10. bfSize is the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file (includes the header files)
	biSize is the number of bytes required by the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure.
11. biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB (device-independent bitmap)
	and its origin is the upper left corner.
12. biBitCount
13. fopen might return NULL if the file doesn't exist or the file exist but we don't have permissions to access it
14. because our program is reading 1 struct (1 RGB triple) at a time
15. Note that scanline for bitmap image has to be multiple of 4 byte.
    3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel = 9 bytes. 3 bytes are added to bring the scanline to 12 bytes.
    So padding is equal to 3
16. It sets our position in the file forward by the offset we specify either from the
    beginning of the file, your current position, or the end of the file.
17. our current position in file
18. Rick Astley
